in 1969 a dog was launched into space
but an accident transformed him into a
superhero I just realized I haven't
eaten for 50 years now lost in a future
where everyone hates animals he needs to
find a super sidekick yeah I'm Way
bigger than I look like hero Glenfield
deserves turbo guy Oh
God's mission is to protect the animals
of Glenview
when officer Peck finds a dangerous
unhygenic stray animal they're never
seen again I just really need to see my
owner again
what do you use your powers to help me
huh sorry can you summarize that get
ready for the perfect family adventure
you're not just a dog buddy your startup
Wow with the greatest superheroes ever
unleashed operation fish stick with the
voices of Luke Evans Nick Frost Gemma
Arterton and Bill Nighy
now what was that about playing catch
someone wants to play catch
[Music]
star dog and turbo cats coming soon
you